Sarah kyat who joins us from occupied
East Jerusalem Sarah so the Israeli
military have given us an updated list
of soldiers who've been killed in their
war with Hamas what have they
said they've confirmed that an
additional uh nine soldiers were killed
in yesterday and the overnight uh raids
on Gaza bringing that total to 11
soldiers this is the largest uh numbers
of losses that they've had since their
uh ground offensive uh in Gaza um and
they released those names um what they
tend to do is they wait till they have
spoken to the families of the soldiers
before they release those names and now
that's uh been confirmed uh bringing uh
the number of Israeli soldiers killed in
total since October the 7th to more than
300 and uh 20 uh it's been uh they've
been met with a lot of resistance from
from alasan Brigade and Islamic Jihad
fighters in several areas in Gaza and uh
the Minister of Defense had said
overnight and even this morning um that
it's expected that they will have those
losses it's a war and that's the price
they'll have to pay um but they're
trying to limit those deaths by uh using
a much stronger uh uh protection from
the Air Force as they're back up and
Sara Israel's also claiming to have
achieved its military objectives during
this attack of the jabala refugee camp
which is predominantly a residential
neighborhood what exactly have they
said yeah and as you saw in those videos
those buildings are so close together
it's very compact it's one of the most
densely populated places in Gaza now uh
the military this morning has said that
it's targeted 11,000 targets 11,000
strikes and that's just in a little over
three weeks um which is a huge amount
and of course a lot of those that have
been killed have been civilians the
Israeli uh military though says that it
specifically targeted um Hamas groups
especially overnight they said that they
their soldiers the the ones the ground
troops had identified a number of
Fighters they said that had barricaded
barricaded rather themselves in a
building in jabalia and that's how they
were able to Target them um but of
course as we all those numbers of
Civilian deaths have been high they also
said that they targeted command centers
by Hamas um they haven't really given
the details to that but it's an
accusation they've been making for a
while now um where they've said that
that's why they're hitting these areas
with civilians because Hamas is
operating from places like schools or
medical centers including Al shiffer
hospital and they've accused them in
jaala of being amongst residents and
having those command centers they also
added that they also managed um to uh
attack uh the Hamas Fighters that
targeted one of their tankers tanks so
um there seem to be what they're saying
is that they're showing a good show of
force against Hamas with very precise uh
attacks on them but as we've said you
know the the number and the death toll
of the civilians are high thank you for
that Sarah there for us an occupied East
Jerusalem